Feature/multipart listing (#1046)
morganstanley/testplan: doc/newsfragments/2617_change.multipart_json_listing.rst

> `--info json` now working well with multipart multitests.

Reviewer: I know it is me always on the writing, but I think it is better:
```suggestion
`--info json` is now working well with multitest multiparts.
```
